[Music]
now this amazingly striking vessel
there's a field express 36 which is
built in Germany
she's out for powered which frees up a
great deal of space and she's intended
for a fast weekender everything about
this boat is just sexy I mean look at
this control panel for example you've
actually got the skyhook joystick
control which makes this boat very easy
to maneuver protection overhead from the
Sun and aft a very sociable area and
when I say very sociable I mean very
sociable look at this great idea all
these seats of course you can face each
other when you're dining but they
actually all reverse so everyone can
face forwards when you're going along
and here round the whole boat is its
large stainless steel grab handle which
makes moving around incredibly easy
well the Express 36 is really intended
for the Mediterranean market or as a
super yacht tender but it still has a
nice area of accommodation with a double
berth that slides under the deck and in
here very spacious toilet compartment if
you have a need for speed then this is a
boat for you because those twin mercury
350 outboard engines will give you a top
speed of just under 50 knots so here to
France in an hour and a half price
aspect with all the bells and whistles
top-of-the-range 336,000
including that sterling
[Music]